In Soviet Russia, Ms. Pac Man Plays… Ms. Pac Man?
Published on January 20, 2008.
So some AI nerds taught a video game playing agent to play Ms. Pac man .
Well, actually, they taught it how to teach itself to play Ms. Pac Man…
I didn’t know that Pac Man was deterministic, and Ms. Pac Man was random.
I think this proves that the actions of women are generally more difficult to predict than of men.
Wait, are the ghosts in Ms. Pac Man also women?
And I thought Ms. Pac Man was married to Pac Man!
Well, she still could be technically, and keep her Ms. title.
I think they have kids though, so at least they’re an item.
Wait a minute, when did I stop talking about AI and start talking about Mr. and Ms. Pac Man’s relationship? Oh well…